New release date. (#431)
rubatopy/rubato: CONTRIBUTING.md

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## First things
As a new contributor you will need to fork the repository to implement your changes. Please look at our [issues](https://github.com/rubatopy/rubato/issues) for something to start off with. Once you are happy with your changes open up a pull request and our devs will review and give comments before a merge occurs. While you are working don't forget to keep up to date with the project. 

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6147215/205528219-fed9e178-b4f8-44da-852e-a7711803ddb1.png)

Reviewer: What are ur thoughts about the image? too much?

Reviewer: Thanks for the update

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## First things
If you are new to contributing please follow this [guide](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions#first-contributions).

We recommend you choose a [good first issue](https://github.com/rubatopy/rubato/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22); these issues have been identified as requiring a less in depth understanding of rubato to close.
We tend to review PRs within a day or two, but feel free to ping us on our [discord](https://discord.gg/rueSETyRKx).

After having contributed to the project you will be put on the CONTRIBUTORS.md document. Thank you for your help!

## Setting up dev environment

Notes:

> * we are a 3.10 python library, you will need this installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We are a 3.10+ python library, you will need a CPython distribution of at least that version installed.
```

> * We recommend using visual studios and installing all of our extensions, this will commit your code with the correct formatting and type checking.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* We recommend using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) and installing all of our extensions, this will commit your code with the correct formatting and type checking.
```

> * We recommend using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) and installing all of our extensions, this will commit your code with the correct formatting and type checking.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* We recommend using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) and installing all of our recommended extensions (you'll get a prompt automatically!). This will commit your code with the correct formatting and type checking.
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry didn't like how that second part sounded :rofl:
